+++
author = "Haggle1996"
comments = true
date = "2016-02-03T16:56:19-07:00"
draft = false
image = "/images/blog3.png"
menu = ""
share = true
slug = "2120beta"
tags = ["REVOLUTION|2"]
title = "REVOLUTION|2 - Beta 2.1.2.0 Update!"

+++

Hello, everyone!

Fingers crossed that this will be the last stability update to REVOLUTION|2 for some time. This update squashes a lot of the outstanding issues with the pack, and in general, you should have a much more reliably-stable experience going forward.  

As part of squashing all the instability, we've had to say a temporary goodbye to Galaxy Space. For one reason or another, it's having identity issues. And as the mod only provides content post-Mars, I thought it safer to just remove it for now. Hopefully it will make a reappearance in the very near future.

Enough sad news, we have a new mod, Not Enough Keys! NEK adds a bunch of modifiers to your keystrokes, vastly increasing the number of available keys for binding!

### Changes
- IRC handles changed back to just IGN. REVOLUTION version can be obtained by doing a WHOIS on the user (in the Bot field)
- Reduced frequency of Recurrent Complex structures
- Added back blood moon tint since it's no longer every night (by request from players).
- Wood once again can be turned into charcoal in any furnace.
- RotaryCraft Coal Coke can be used as a fuel in the Immersive Engineering Blast Furnace, albeit at a lower efficiency than IE Coke.
- Immersive Engineering's Coal Coke block now has the appropriate burn time and fuel value.
- Nuclear waste can no longer be found in HQM reward bags.
- Removed the uber-HarvestCraft rewards from HQM reward bags.
 
### Bugs Squashed
- Replaced Tweaked Inventory Tweaks with classic Inventory Tweaks, as it's better to have a working mod with known problems then just a broken one.
- Thaumcraft nodes no longer fall when interacted with
- FTB Utilities' guide book images work again.
- Fixed 'Tilting Spears at Windmills' quest to require correct amount of vanes.
- You can now unlock Chapter 2 again.

### Mods Added
- [Not Enough Keys](http://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/notenoughkeys)

### Mods Updated
- [ClimateControl-0.4.beta39](http://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/76544-mod/files/2279687)
- [FTBLib-1.7.10-1.0.17.2](http://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237167-mod/files/2279763)
- [GalactiCraft 3.0.12.437](http://ci.micdoodle8.com/job/Galacticraft-1.7/changes)

### Removed Mods
- Galaxy Space. This is a temporary removal until issues with it are resolved.