---
layout: post
title: "The 'Rockin' the Revolution' Update"
modified:
categories: blog
author: Haggle1996
share: false
excerpt: "Version 0.8.0 Released"
tags: []
image:
  feature: blog6.png
---

#The 'Rockin' the Revolution' Update 0.8.0 Released!

Pack Version 0.8 - The '' Update

Version 0.8 introduces a number of big changes to ore gen and progression in the Revolution pack. After extensive tweaking and testing, and feedback from the development server players, I'm proud to say the ore gen is finished.

There have also been some big tweaks to progression, some nerfs, and some buffs. For starters, all automated quarries now require some form of RotaryCraft Bedrock Alloy Ingot. Mekanism, ElectricalAge, and Galacticraft have all had their configs tweaked to properly turn off RF power, so you must power each of these mods with its own power system.

Speaking of power: easy forms of RF generation have been removed or disabled (stirling engines, Extra Utilities generators, Forestry engines). Your easiest source of early game RF power is the Rotational Dynamo from RotaryCraft. You can use this to power your rolling mill. Once you have steel (from RailCraft or Mekanism), don't overlook alternative forms of power generation: steam, fuel, etc.

Many of the RotaryCraft sub-components used in other mods' recipes have been removed. HSLA Steel is easy to make, and in many cases, the changes actually made the recipe easier, not harder.

There's a few other surprises here and there. Keep an eye out for them - you might be pleasantly surprised!

-Haggle1996
