---
layout: post
title: "The 'Surprise!' Update"
modified:
categories: blog
author: Haggle1996
share: false
excerpt: "Version 0.6.0 Released"
tags: []
image:
  feature: blog5.png
---

#The 'Surprise!' Update 0.6.0 Released!

Welcome to the Surprise update! This update brings a number of new mods, with the goal of providing alternate tech mods to the pack. Now you have several tech choices for mid- to late-game, instead of just RotaryCraft. We've also added in Forbidden Magic, for all your evil needs.

IF YOU ARE UPDATING AN EXISTING MAP: Ore regen in settings Mekanism.cfg, Eln.cfg, and cofh/core/common.cfg are enabled, to ensure you get the latest ores.

First up, we've added Mekanism! Mekanism is another alternative tech path for players to explore as well as providing an alternative to RailCraft blast furnace steel. If shaft power is not your cup of tea, then this is the tech mod for you.

Next, we've added Electrical Age. Electrical Age adds real-life electrical simulation to Minecraft. It's up there with RotaryCraft/ReactorCraft in terms of complexity, but its an absolute (and maybe literal) blast to play with. Electrical Age is very Beta, so be prepared for issues if you use it. In-game wiki is the 'x' key.

Please note that RF integration with Mekanism and Electrical Age are turned off. You will need to use those mods' power systems to power their machines.

Last, due to popular request, we've added Forbidden Magic and Thaumic Horizons, addons for Thaumcraft, as well as Forge Multipart.

-Haggle1996
